provide additional instructions for adding more compute machines (#29506)
openshift/openshift-docs: machine_management/user_infra/adding-bare-metal-compute-user-infra.adoc

* You xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installing-bare-metal[installed a cluster on bare metal].
* You have installation media and {op-system-first} images that you used to create your cluster. If you do not have these files, you must obtain them by following the instructions in the xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installing-bare-metal[installation procedure].

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you do not have access to the {op-system-first} images that were used to create your cluster, it is possible to add more compute machines to your {product-title} cluster with newer versions of {op-system-first} images.  See the following https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5514051[support article on access.redhat.com] for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have access to the {op-system-first} images that were used to create your cluster, you can add more compute machines to your {product-title} cluster with newer versions of {op-system-first} images. For instructions, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5514051[Adding new nodes to UPI cluster fails after upgrading to OpenShift 4.6+].
```
